# ical4j-zimbra-patched
This source code forked out of the iCal4j CVS tree immediately post 0.9.16

## These changes have been made:
### net.fortuna.ical4j.model.TimeZone
net.fortuna.ical4j.model.TimeZone has been replaced with a new
   implementation based on SimpleTimeZone.  This was done because of
   signifcant performance problems encountered with the iCal4j
   version.  The iCal4j TimeZone class expands the Daylight and
   Standard rules over a huge range (1601-present) on every call to
   inDaylight. 
#### comment
- unclear if this change is still relevant

### Uris.java
Uris.java: commented out the code in Uris.encode() and
   Uris.decode() because the Uri-encoding was causing problems with
   java.net.URL building (specifically we would end up with URL's
   where the SchemeSpecificPart was "MAILTO%3Afoo%40bar.com".  This
   was done this way (via URIs.java) so as to minimize the amount of
   iCal4j code changed. 
#### comment
- This appears to have been fixed in current version of ical4j. Corresponding unit tests are in UrisTest.java

### net.fortuna.ical4j.data.UnfoldingReader
net.fortuna.ical4j.data.UnfoldingReader has been changed to use
   relaxed mode by default. This allows .ics data with folded lines
   generated by some systems (e.g. Evolution) to be parsed correctly
   even though they use bare LF linebreads rather than CRLF as required
   by RFC2445. The class is replaced by UnfoldingInputStream.java in Zimbra's version
   UnfoldingInputStream.java has also been changed to accept CR-LF-tab and LF-tab as
   continuation sequences in folded lines, in addition to the existing

#### comment
   This change seems unnecessary, because the same behavior can be achieved with a JVM argument -Dical4j.unfolding.relaxed=true. Newer version of ical4j already accepts CR-LF-tab and LF-tab as continuation sequences in folded lines.

#### Parse iCalendar objects containing multiple ZCALENDAR sections.
This change appears to be still relevant. Could be merged into ical4j?

